my name is Charlie Watts I'm with built
green custom homes and today we're here
to look at the new home that Oscar and
Denise Taylor have built in benders
Landing and we're going to show you some
of the very unique features of their
home and some of the more outstanding
things that they've accomplished and
building their home also with me today
from our office is Miss Molly Galvin
tell us about your vision how did you
come up with this beautiful idea of
building this home what was the vision
for the whole property it was more
encompassing about the two acre property
and how we could bring a lot of the Cree
all a lot of people like to say Cajun
but it's really a river parish New
Orleans feel it's a benders land in the
States
our whole issue was we wanted a bigger
piece of property and we wanted a
property that we could spray at the
house on to give it a River Road feel
and my wife has this an affinity for
what did you call it what country
country sandwich country French so we
say well we have to capture some of that
and working with your company we were
able we felt like we were able to
capture every aspect of what we wanted
in our new home
one of the things I want you to speak to
that that was unique for us as builders
was to get this elevation to look the
way it did as you recall and was to have
an office where we go up the stairs to
the office and then we come back down to
the stairs and then have the windows
almost at ground level in that room so
where did that come from
it turned out phenomenal let's talk
about the foundation of the house one of
the things being from Louisiana we've
lived in Texas for 14 years after
Katrina
five or six years ago we said we'll
never flood but we wanted the house to
be elevated and I think the guidelines
for business land in the States is what
eight inches above the street or so
above the crown in the screen in the
road in the road and I think we did two
and a half feet up but we wanted to have
a portico shade that was like you were
going into the property so with those
two ideas we decided to build a house up
where I had a present since there's no
Hills in Southeast Texas that we could
build the house on so we had to make our
own hill well you have six grand from
the street it looks higher than any any
of any of their other people all right
that was that was the goal for Denise's
office it worked out perfectly because
we built the house up and the feature of
going up the main stairs in the house
into her office then dropping down to
her office we actually saw that on
another home you have the most unique
looking home in my view and inventors
land hopefully unique in a good way it
is
it combines everything you guys like as
the hunting and chandelier with it's all
elk the bones oh that is beautiful is
that like a hand piece you picked out or
how Windows shopping one day and I saw
it and I was like you know what I'm
gonna buy that for my home I think I
have a spot for it we had originally
talked about when you were designing the
home upstairs you wanted to actually
incorporate in an archery system into
your home so tell us about that the
vision was an archery rage inside the
house for twenty yards which shot from
this office across to the upstairs where
it would come into the game room but it
would be separated out so it was a true
archery range just eight or ten foot
wide and the wife actually didn't want
that to happen but that was the vision
but I think we ended up with a very nice
a very nice office that represents what
I like to listen for bow hunting archery
I just like the hard
well you tell us about your daughter
Jillian she's she's got a room that's
just knocked down phenomenal I was just
up there taking a look at she's got a
refrigerator right there outside outside
her room and you know I don't know if
she'll ever leave to call him she's got
four years four more years so excited
for Jillian's bedroom she really really
likes it a lot
what happened is I actually left home
when Jillian's room was being put
together and leaving Oscar unsupervised
I came back there was a big dome there
was a big dome in her bedroom and I was
like oh my god so that's a great place
for a chandelier okay he did good and
and I'm not a big dinner room person but
Jillian being 14 years old so Oh mommy
we have to have at the other room
Giada it's a necessary thing so we went
along with the theater room we got
talked into that one of the things that
dentist that works for you brought to us
was let's make every bedroom its own
suite basically you know their own
showers their own bathroom so every
everybody has their own area of the
house it doesn't feel like you're on top
of each other when you have company or
when you're entertainment and that was
one of the things that we took from from
you guys that like that's a good idea
we're big on having groups of people to
visit so we wanted the house to be
livable yeah there's only three of us in
the home but we tend to have a lot of
company yes love entertaining the house
to be not only spacious but open and
appealing
once again we want to thank the the
homeowners Oscar and Denise and Jillian
and Taylor they they just did a
fantastic job on this home we're now up
to 50 projects in vendors vendors
Landing and we're building houses of
course in in the hill country and Austin
San Antonio Dallas and near Houston so
we'd love to do the same for you guys we
have our own architectural design team
we have five designers there are 18 of
us that are part of the company
four of us are engineers and every one
of the superintendent's are certified
green professionals six of my people
have have master's in in building in
addition to engineering groups so we're
staying ready to help you and we're
excited about what they're what you're
able to do with our program look forward
to seeing you soon
thank you